DOCS-3606, DOCS-4468 Error Tracking Index Pages Doc Edit (#16412)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/error_tracking/_index.md

- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/service-page/"
  tag: "Blog"
  text: "Explore a centralized view into service telemetry, Error Tracking, SLOs, and more"
- link: "/tracing/trace_explorer/trace_view/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about the Trace Explorer"
- link: "/tracing/error_tracking/explorer"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about the Error Tracking Explorer"
- link: "/monitors/types/error_tracking/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Create an Error Tracking monitor"
---

## Overview

It is critical for your system's health to consistently monitor the errors collected by Datadog. When there are many individual error events, it becomes hard to prioritize errors for troubleshooting. By tracking, triaging, and debugging stack traces, you can minimize the impact of fatal errors on your backend services.

> Once you have setup APM for **Backend Services** error tracking, the issue list populates with cards. You can view open, ignored, or all issues, sort issues by volume or age, and filter issues by all custom and default facets on your backend services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have set up APM for **Backend Services** error tracking, the issue list populates with cards. You can view open, ignored, or all issues, sort issues by volume or age, and filter issues by all custom and default facets on your backend services.
```
